add(ide): CSS to TailwindCSS converter (#484)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- [IntelliSense for Neovim](https://github.com/iamcco/coc-tailwindcss) - IntelliSense extension for Neovim.
- [Tailwind CSS Explorer for Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PeterMekhaeil.vscode-tailwindcss-explorer) - Explore the classes available in your project's Tailwind CSS setup.
- [Tailwind CSS Highlight](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ellreka.tailwindcss-highlight) - Highlight utilities extension for Visual Studio Code.

> - [CSS to TailwindCSS converter for Code](https://github.com/Jackardios/vscode-css-to-tailwindcss) - CSS to TailwindCSS 3.x converter extension for Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS to TailwindCSS converter for Code](https://github.com/Jackardios/vscode-css-to-tailwindcss) - CSS to Tailwind CSS converter extension for Visual Studio Code.
```
